Ah what are you
It was the master realm that was defeated by him in one blow
I want this man
It's my sect master who is interested in you
Tonight's banquet invites you to attend
Otherwise it will be wiped out
Do you hear me?
Don't think your sword is very powerful
In fact, it didn't hurt Elder Luoyan at all
Xizong is powerful
Want to destroy Sword Sect
Easy
As the young master of the Sword Sect
status respect
Received the unique gift of Sword Sect
Would betray the Sword Sect
Those who know the current affairs are Junjie
Zizong's strength far exceeds Sword Sect Ruoyan
The Great Elder is already a supreme master
Let alone
Sect Master Qi Zong obtained the perfect realm of the Sword Emperor Heart Sutra
Five hundred years
The existence whose strength is closest to the Supreme Sword Emperor
Good birds live at the end
If you lead the Lord to surrender
I can still plead for you
Taizong seeks glory
wishful thinking
Want me to dream like you
Jinyue, my sect master invites you to the banquet
Could it be that you dare not
Why not?